Pimp readme to cover more cases (#12)
plone/cookiecutter-volto: volto_addon/{{ cookiecutter.addon_name }}/README.md

<!-- List your awesome features here -->

## Installation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To install your project, you must choose the method appropriate to your version of Volto.

```

> ### Into a @plone/generator-volto Volto based project

Reviewer: I don't think the implementation detail is helpful for most users and will just confuse most of them. Let's stick to a Volto version, unless there is a very good reason to use an implementation detail.

```suggestion
### Volto 17 and earlier
```

> This is the official way to do it in Volto 17 and before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

yarn start
```

> ### Into a cookiecutter-volto based project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Volto 18 and later
```

> This is the way to install it in the (upcoming) Volto 18.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Add `{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}` to your `package.json`:

> ```JSON

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```json
````

"dependencies": {
    "{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}": "*"
}
```

Add `{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}` to your `volto.config.js`:

```javascript
const addons = ['{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}'];
```

> If this package provides a volto theme, and you want to activate it (and only then!), add to your `volto.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this package provides a Volto theme, and you want to activate it, then add the following to your `volto.config.js`:
```

```javascript
const theme = '{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}';
```

> ### Test it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test installation
```

> Go to http://localhost:3000/, login and check the awesome new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit http://localhost:3000/ in a browser, login, and check the awesome new features.
```

## Development

The development of this add-on is done in isolation using a new approach using pnpm workspaces and latest `mrs-developer` and other Volto core improvements.
For this reason, it only works with pnpm and Volto 18 (currently in alpha)

> ### Preprequisites

Reviewer: Wait, are these pre-requisites required only for development or for creating a project as well? If the latter, then this section must be moved immediately before Installation.

```suggestion
### Pre-requisites
```

Author: This are the per-requisites for development.

- **Node** Node has to be installed, e.g. using the [Node Version Manager (nvm)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
  Ensure to have the latest LTS version installed and used.
- **Make** [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) is required to run the Makefile. You can install it using your package manager.

> - **Docker** [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) is required to easily run the backend server.

Reviewer: Replace all the above with links to our docs.

-   [Node.js](https://6.docs.plone.org/install/create-project.html#node-js)
-   [Make](https://6.docs.plone.org/install/create-project.html#make)
-   [Docker](https://6.docs.plone.org/install/create-project.html#docker)

yarn start
```

### Volto 18 and later

Add `{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}` to your `package.json`:

```json
"dependencies": {
    "{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}": "*"
}
```

Add `{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}` to your `volto.config.js`:

```javascript
const addons = ['{{ cookiecutter.npm_package_name }}'];

> ```

Reviewer 2: Isn't there a missing step to install the new package after adding it to package.json?

Author: `make install` probably.
